the ambulance is full but more wounded
are
coming dozens of Palestinians were
injured by Israeli jets in Gaza North
killing
dozens the war planes targeted two
buildings in a shot at refugee camp it
is one of eight historic camps
established in Gaza after the creation
of Israel in
1948 displaced hundreds of thousand of
Palestinians
and now it's where many took shter from
Israeli attacks on neighboring jabalia 8
months
ago for the Young Generation it is no
refuge Netanyahu is a murderous coward
criminal targeting innocent children if
he were brave enough he would have come
to fight our men on the
battlefield the dust had not yet settled
here that it rose on the other side of
Gaza
City another Israel strike to trap this
man in concrete he kept losing
Consciousness and needed to be rescued
right
[Music]
away covered in dust survivors recalled
the moment Israeli forces attacked their
densely populated neighborhood of a
t i was sewing some clothes I work as a
tailor and suddenly the whole building
collapsed on our heads my wife and
children were killed my whole family is
gone Israel says its Fighters Jets
struck two Hamas military sites in the
area Hamas says Israeli forces are
targeting civilians it is the most
violent day in the strip since Israeli
troops killed 274 Palestinians while
freeing for captives in anusa earlier
this
month we will stay in Gaza and we will
die in Gaza staying in Gaza but forced
to leave their destroyed
homes many can't find safety when it is
their Refuge that turn to Rubble hanim
Mahmud Al jaaz balah Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer